content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
title: Davis Daumler
first_name: Davis
last_name: Daumler
highlight_name: true # Highlight the author in author lists?
email: "daumler@umich.edu"
organizations:
- name: University of Michigan
#  url: 
role: PhD Student in Sociology
bio: My research interests include wealth and poverty.
education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Sociology
    institution: University of Michigan
    year: 2025
  - course: MA in Sociology
    institution: University of Michigan
    year: 2021
  - course: MA in Sociology (Population Dynamics)
    institution: McGill University
    year: 2015
  - course: BA in Sociology and Political Science (Hons.)
    institution: McGill University
    year: 2013
interests:
- Stratification
- Social Mobility
- Economic Sociology
social:
#- icon: envelope
#  icon_pack: fas
#  link: /#contact
- display:
    header: false # Display Twitter icon in the navigation bar?
  icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
#  label: Follow me on Twitter
  link: https://twitter.com/DavisDaumler
- icon: graduation-cap
  icon_pack: fas
  # fas: graduation-cap; ai: google-scholar
#  label: Check out my Google Scholar
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=lTp9f0kAAAAJ
- icon: github # github, github-square
  icon_pack: fab
#  label: Take a gander at my GitHub
  link: https://github.com/daumler
#- icon: linkedin
#  icon_pack: fab
#  link: https://www.linkedin.com/
#- icon: cv
#  icon_pack: ai
#  link: /cv
- icon: orcid
  icon_pack: ai
#  label: Make sure I'm legit with ORCID
  link: https://orcid.org/0000-0001-7942-9587
- icon: institution
  icon_pack: fa
#  label: Go visit my institutional profile
  link: https://lsa.umich.edu/soc/people/current-graduate-students/davis-daumler.html
#- icon: briefcase
#  icon_pack: fa
#  link: /cv
# ai: obp, orcid, osf, overleaf, zotero
# https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/
# fa: institution, university, mortar-board, book, user-graduate, briefcase, send, send-o, newspaper-o, archive, address-card, address-card-o, wpforms, whmcs, weight-hanging, user-tag, user-circle
# https://www.w3schools.com/icons/icons_reference.asp
#status:
#  icon: 🔥
superuser: true
---

Davis Daumler is a PhD student in Sociology at the University of Michigan. His research interests include inequality, wealth accumulation, and family dynamics.
{style="text-align: justified;"} 

{{< cta cta_text="DOWNLOAD CV" cta_link="/CV" cta_new_tab="true" >}}

Commit message:

First public version of website to be deployed

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
title: Davis Daumler
first_name: Davis
last_name: Daumler
highlight_name: true # Highlight the author in author lists?
email: "daumler@umich.edu"
organizations:
- name: University of Michigan
#  url: 
role: PhD Student in Sociology
bio: My studies how inequalities persist across generations of families.
education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Sociology
    institution: University of Michigan
    year: 2025
  - course: MA in Sociology
    institution: University of Michigan
    year: 2021
  - course: MA in Sociology (Population Dynamics)
    institution: McGill University
    year: 2015
  - course: BA in Sociology and Political Science (Hons.)
    institution: McGill University
    year: 2013
interests:
- Stratification
- Social Mobility
- Economic Sociology
- Wealth accumulation
- Poverty dynamics
- Family inequality
social:
- display:
    header: false # Display Twitter icon in the navigation bar?
  icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
#  label: Follow me on Twitter
  link: https://twitter.com/DavisDaumler
- icon: graduation-cap
  icon_pack: fas
  # fas: graduation-cap; ai: google-scholar
#  label: Check out my Google Scholar
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=lTp9f0kAAAAJ
- icon: github # github, github-square
  icon_pack: fab
#  label: Take a gander at my GitHub
  link: https://github.com/daumler
- icon: orcid
  icon_pack: ai
#  label: Make sure I'm legit with ORCID
  link: https://orcid.org/0000-0001-7942-9587
- icon: institution
  icon_pack: fa
#  label: Go visit my institutional profile
  link: https://lsa.umich.edu/soc/people/current-graduate-students/davis-daumler.html
#- icon: briefcase
#  icon_pack: fa
#  link: /cv
# ai: obp, orcid, osf, overleaf, zotero
# https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/
# fa: institution, university, mortar-board, book, user-graduate, briefcase, send, send-o, newspaper-o, archive, address-card, address-card-o, wpforms, whmcs, weight-hanging, user-tag, user-circle
# https://www.w3schools.com/icons/icons_reference.asp
#status:
#  icon: 🔥
superuser: true
---

Hi, I'm **Davis**! I am a sociologist at the University of Michigan who studies wealth and social mobility. My research investigates how population-level inequalities are reinforced by family-level dynamics---unfolding across multiple generations of families.
{style="text-align: left; padding: 0.5em; margin-top: 0.75em; margin-left: 4em; margin-right: 2.75em;"}

I am currently working on two broader projects. The first explores how the timing of childhood poverty contributes to intergenerational inequality. And the second examines the wealth accumulation process and society's larger shift in the reliance on household finances as a *de facto* safety net.
{style="text-align: left; padding: 0.5em; margin-left: 4em; margin-right: 3em;"}

Outside of work, I love laughing and walking. I enjoy consuming pop culture and spicy food. And I'm a big fan of opening 40 tabs of *New Yorker* articles, admitting defeat, and then closing 38 tabs of *New Yorker* articles. 
{style="text-align: left; padding: 0.5em; margin-left: 4em; margin-right: 3em;"}

{{< cta-center cta_text="DOWNLOAD CV" cta_link="/CV" cta_new_tab="true" >}}
